>> Steve Kinney: So what we'll do
right now is, we are simply going to,
when the application component mounts.
We will go query FireStore for all of
the zero posts that are in there, right?
So we'll start small, but
it'll be good, so we'll go ahead,
we'll skip past all of this default
state and we'll do componentDidMount.
When component mounts, we'll say posts,
now, all of Firestore,
all is a strong word,
95% of Firestore is asynchronis, right?
And it's all promise based, and so
if you're not super
comfortable with promises.
You are about to become more comfortable
with promises because we are going to
spend a bit of time
together working on them.
So if you do something like post and
you said firestore.collection, posts.
And this brings me to the collection,
this places me at the post collection.
If I want to get all of them, I do
a .get and we say, console.log, posts.
This is not going to work super well, I'm
actually going to make that an object so
I can see what it was.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll flip back over,
you can see that I get a promise.
I don't get the zero
posts that are in there,
I get a promise of posts eventually,
right?
Which means I have asked Firestore for
the post, I have not received them yet,
I will let you know when I get them.
So we do need to resolve the promise
before we can do anything with that.
We'll see a few different ways to
go about doing that in a second.
All right, the other thing we see is
this big, mean old warning, right?
You're like, I didn't even do anything
yet, why am I getting yelled at?
It's not really your fault,
basically, along the beta process,
they had to make a breaking API change,
right?
So originally they were just
using JavaScript date objects for
the created at, or any kind of
modified update that you're using.
Turns out that those
aren't super accurate, so
they have their own kind of object for
managing dates.
And so what we need to do is,
we need to opt into that.
The nice part here is while
this warning looks big and
mean, they give you the answer in here,
right?
I used to teach developers and
one of the things I learned very,
very early on is that none of us
actually read error messages, [LAUGH].
So it looks scary and big, but if you
read it, it's actually not so bad, right?
It's saying, basically,
make your Firestore,
and then go ahead and do this,
put these settings in place.
Let's go ahead and we'll copy that and
we will bring it back
over to our firebase.js.
Which is where we do all this
fun configuration stuff.
And we will basically say,
we'll have the settings object,
which is simply timestamps.
>> Steve Kinney: timestampsInSnapshots,
true, and
we'll set those settings, you might be
like, what other settings are there?
Well, let me save you the,
let me save you the work,
I've read the docs,
this is the only setting.
So, I'm just going to go ahead and
collapse that down like that.
This is the only setting for
Firestore at this point, but
it does give them the option
to have more at some point.
But if you're like,
I want to tweak other things,
there's nothing else to tweak,
I'm really sorry, but.
All right, let's go back, we have no more
error, we do have that promise in there.
There we go, my responsive design skills
were lacking, I needed to fix that.
So what we could do, we have two options
for dealing with these promises.
We can go ahead here and we can say,
we can do a .then, that'll work.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll say.
>> Steve Kinney: I'll talk about why
I'm calling it a snapshot in a second.
>> Steve Kinney: So the .then is
basically on the promise, saying,
when this promise resolves,
this is what I want you to do.
When we hear back from firebase,
this is what I want you to do, and so
we'll take the snapshot that
comes back from the database.
And it's called a snapshot because
it's a real time database,
which means that is the data
at that point in time.
That is a snapshot of
the current state of the world,
based on your query that might
have changed since then.
So we'll go ahead and
we'll flip back over.
And you can see that
instead of a promise now,
we still have that other one
that was outside that we left.
We have a query snapshot,
that makes sense,
we queried the database for
all of the posts.
All right, cool, all right,
let's flip back and talk about that for
a second before we play
around a little bit more.